Looping
Looping lets us execute the code a multiple number of times.
Java supports several statements for looping,or executing code repetitively.

Java Supports 3 statements for looping

for -> The for loop is more complex to set up but is commonly used when you are iterating over a set of values.
while -> The while loop executes until a specified condition becomes false.
do while -> the do while loop always executes at least one and continues until a specified condition becomes false.

The for statement
 It is often referred to as the for loop. It repeatedly loops something until a condition is satisfied.
syntax
    for(init;expression;increment)
    {
        //block of code
    }
These parts are all optional and consist of the following
  The initialization section declares or sets state,usually declaring and initializing a loop variable,before the loop begins processing
  The expression section,once it becomes false,will end the loop processing.
  The increment section is executed after the expression is tested,and is generally the place where the loop variable is incremented.

What if you want to loop until some condition is met,that's not associated with a known range of values?
use while loop
Java has 2 types of while loop
while -> Continue executing code block until the loop expression becomes false.
do while -> Execute the code block once,then continue executing until the loop condition becomes false.

The while statement
while(expression)
{
    //code
}
The do while statement
do{
    //Statements
    }while(condition);

Continue and Break
The continue and break statements both interrupt normal loop processing.
The continue statement in it's simplest form,will stop executing the current iteration of a block of code in a loop,and start a new iteration.
The continue statement starts a new iteration but continues to iterate through the loop.
The break statement exits the loop at the point it's executed,and no longer completes any code in the loop,and won't continue
iterating any longer.

The while and do while
  the while loop checks the condition at the start,before executing the block.
  compare that to the do while loop where the code is executed at least once,and then the condition is checked.
